even in the dark zone there is sunlight
turn off the submersible headlights and
you see a pyrotechnic display outside
these lights are created by animals
this is bioluminescence a deep-sea
anglerfish flashes in the dark the light
is generated by bacteria that if
permanently inside the law which
attracts prey to these murderous teeth
there are all sorts of lures out in the
darkness
come into my mouth little fish
and what is the purpose of this law
suspended on a long rod way below its
owners terrifying set of teeth
it's difficult to be sure but then this
monster does have another giant flashing
lure much closer to its mouth
these fish are caught anglers because
they use their laws in much the same way
as fly fishermen use their imitation
flies for a hunting squid with huge eyes
this glimmer is intriguing it might just
be food
a satisfying meal for a fish with a
highly extendable stomach